Link: 
https://www.luxhabitat.ae/villas-for-sale/dubai/palm-jumeirah/fronds-garden-home/villa-7672/

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

PRICE: AED 16,750,000

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

LOCATION
City: Dubai 
Area: Palm Jumeirah 
Development: Garden Homes 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

ESSENTIALS 
Reference: GS-S-30341 
Type: Villa 
Availability: Ready 
Bedrooms: 5 bedrooms 
Bathrooms: 6 
Built up area: 6,000 sq ft 
Plot size: 7,000 sq ft

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

ABOUT THIS PROPERTY

Luxhabitat Sotheby's International proudly presents this beautifully upgraded spacious 5bedroom villa in Palm Jumeirah. 

This tastefully redesigned garden home comprises of welcoming entrance with entertainment area on the right, leading then through bright hallway into your elegant living area primed to entertain even the most demanding guest, offering absolutely spectacular views of Dubai's Marina Skyline, Dubai Eye, as well as Burj Al Arab and The Downtown Skyline. 

The windows were upgraded into floor to ceiling glass pocket doors to embrace and enjoy this well positioned home, its stunning views and smooth transit into your beautiful porch and landscaped patio sitting on an extended plot creating a real indoor-outdoor living feel with your very own private beach access and swimming pool of course. Includes an outdoor BBQ and bar area. 

Indoor dining designed to enjoy family dinners in style connected to the living, as well as fully upgraded contemporary kitchen that can be enclosed with seem-less sliding doors. All the kitchen appliances by Miele are built-in. Stairs handle upgraded with transparent glass leads us into the 1st floor where are all the five bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms located. Flooring of the first floor has been upgraded throughout with wooden floors, all the bathrooms in the villa upgraded with nothing less than the best of Italian marble. The Master Suite has been extended to offer truly spacious living and embrace the magnificent views to wake up to, comprises a walk-in closet, very spacious master bathroom with walk in shower/steam room as well as a freestanding bathtub for a vintage relaxed ambience. 

This impeccably upgraded family home is located within walking proximity to The Point offering multiple foodie dining and shopping varieties, catering all your possible practical needs. Truly a perfect home that allows you to enjoy the sought-after sunny beach lifestyle at the most iconic man made island in the world - the Dubai's Palm Jumeirah.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

FEATURES 

DLD Permit: 6510359200 
Lifestyle: Waterfront Properties, Beachfront Properties, Family-friendly Communities, Pet-friendly Communities, Health & Wellness, Beachfront Properties 
Pool: Private pool 
Views: Partial Burj Al Arab, partial Marina 
Rooms: Study room, maid's room and balcony Finishings Wardrobe and equipped kitchen 
Facilities: Security, allocated parking and shared jacuzzi.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx