Link: 
https://www.luxhabitat.ae/apartments-for-sale/dubai/dubai-marina/damac-heights/penthouse-7704/

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Title: Dubai Marina Penthouse

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Price: AED 15,000,000

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Location:

City Dubai Area Dubai Marina Development Damac Heights

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Essentials:

Reference GS-S-30692 Type Penthouse Availability Ready Bedrooms 4 bedrooms Bathrooms 5 Built up area 3,699 sq ft

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

About this property:

Luxhabitat Sotheby’s International Realty is proud to showcase this stunning 4 bedroom penthouse apartment in a prime Dubai Marina location. 

This really is a one-of-a-kind property. Located on a high floor this 4 bedroom, 5 bathroom penthouse comes with its own, spacious private terrace from which residents can enjoy expansive views of Palm Jumeirah, the Burj Al Arab and the Marina. If the view itself wasn’t enough, the property has been fully upgraded with Fendi design touches, marble floors and beautiful Crate and Barrel furniture. The living room and dining room have an open plan layout, perfect for entertaining and relaxing in style. The kitchen comes fully stocked with all the latest appliances and its own dining area for breakfast and quick meals. There is also a dedicated spa room with its own massage equipment so you are never too far from a pamper session. The large master bedroom also comes with ample storage for a varied wardrobe and as many shopping trips as you want. 

The building itself also includes fantastic facilities. Relax in the giant swimming pool, work up a sweat in the gym or kick back in the cinema, games room or spa. You won’t ever want to leave. If you do decide to venture outside, you are immediately surrounded by the spoils of Dubai Marina living. High-end supermarkets, boutique shopping, fine dining outlets, waterfront walks and a host of leisure and entertainment options all provide the very best luxury lifestyle for the most discerning of clientele. 

If you like to wake up with unforgettable views from your private terrace, get in touch today to arrange a viewing.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

FEATURES 

DLD Permit 6589866000 
Lifestyle Urban Living, Waterfront Properties, Family-friendly Communities, Pet-friendly Communities 
Pool Community pool 
Views Partial Skyline, partial Marina, partial Palm Jumeirah Rooms Maid's room and balcony 
Finishings Wardrobe, walk in closet, furnished and equipped kitchen Facilities Security, concierge service, allocated parking, shared jacuzzi and shared gymnasium