Link:

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Title: Downtown Dubai Penthouse

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Price: AED 9,750,000

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Location:

City Dubai 
Area Downtown Dubai 
Development The Address Residence Fountain Views

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Essentials:

Reference GS-S-30722 
Type Penthouse 
Availability Ready 
Bedrooms 4 bedrooms 
Bathrooms 4 
Built up area 3,500 sq ft 
Plot size 3,500 sq ft

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

About this property:

We are pleased to bring this half-floor penthouse to the market. 

The 76-story Address Residences Fountain Views Tower 3 rises in the heart of Downtown Dubai, only steps away from the iconic Dubai Mall and Burj Khalifa. Experience life in a spacious, beautifully crafted apartment with an unparalleled breadth of amenities surrounded by spellbinding views and year-round entertainment. 

The generous living room at this expansive penthouse is a gorgeous place for entertaining, dining or simply taking in the awe-inspiring vistas of Downtown Dubai. Floor-to-ceiling windows bathe the rooms with natural light during the day and boast uninterrupted views of the stunning cityscape below. 

The epitome of style and contemporary class, the interiors of this property draw their inspiration from the luxuriously appointed façade and grandiose surroundings. Tastefully designed and meticulously crafted with marble features, sleek wooden elements, and superior finishes, every corner of this penthouse exudes refined elegance. Overlooking one of the world’s most stunning iconic structures, Burj Khalifa. This glittering beauty will be the backdrop to your promising mornings and glamorous nights. Step onto your balcony to witness the spectacular aquatic symphony of The Dubai Fountain, enjoy the serenity of the verdant Burj Park and the glistening waters of the Arabian Gulf on the horizon. 

With everything from the sophisticated Dubai Opera, to the many charms of the vibrant Sheikh Mohammad bin Rashid Boulevard, this residence is designed for those who believe in seizing every moment of every day. Enjoy cultural and culinary extravaganzas on your doorstep, venture to The Dubai Mall for a host of retail and entertainment offerings or roam the charming alleys of Souk Al Bahar.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Features:

DLD Permit 6510057700 
Lifestyle Urban Living 
Pool Community pool 
Rooms Study room, maid's room and balcony 
Finishings Wardrobe, furnished and equipped kitchen 
Facilities Security, concierge service, allocated parking, shared jacuzzi and shared gymnasium

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx