Link:
https://www.luxhabitat.ae/villas-for-sale/dubai/dubai-marina/marina-gate/villa-6830/

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

TITLE:DUBAI MARINA VILLA

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

PRICE: AED 6,050,000

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

LOCATION 
City Dubai 
Area Dubai Marina 
Development Marina Gate 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

ESSENTIALS 

Reference GS-S-29589 
Type Villa 
Availability Ready 
Bedrooms 2 bedrooms 
Bathrooms 3 (2 ensuite) 
Built up area 2,629 sq ft

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

FEATURES 

DLD Permit 0975963500 Lifestyle Family-friendly Communities Views Full Skyline, full Marina, full Sea Facilities Shared jacuzzi

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

ABOUT THIS PROPERTY 

LUXHABITAT is glad to present this brand new luxury 2 bedroom villa in Jumeirah Living Marina Gate. This villa features unobstructed views of the Marina water and Skyline. On the lower level, you will find a spacious living area with floor to ceiling panoramic windows facing the beautiful marina, dedicated dining area, fully equipped luxury open plan kitchen, as well as storage and maid's quarters. On the upper level, there are 2 en-suite bedrooms and a family room. There is one large terrace, overlooking the marina, located on the lower level. 

The project features a convenient payment plan: 
-10% down payment 
-40% upon handover 
-50% for 3 years post-handover 
- 4% Dubai Land Department registration fee - waived 

The facade of the building is contemporary and has modern interiors to match. Each apartment is designed to maximise indoor space with double-height ceilings, spacious balconies and floor to ceiling windows. The modern vertical lines of the facade match well with the inspiring interiors. The views from each apartment is breath-taking; ranging from the Dubai city skyline to the beautiful yachts by the jetties. As soon as you step outside the building, you would find yourself in the exciting Marina walk, and enjoy a stroll by the water's edge. 

Also located close by, is The Walk at Jumeirah Beach Residence. Amenities for residents include a temperature-controlled infinity pool overlooking the marina including a children's pool and play area; a two-level gym overlooking the marina with separate changing facilities for men and women, including a steam room and sauna; and, squash and tennis courts. For speed and convenience, there are seven high-speed elevators and a dedicated service elevator with a loading dock for residents.