Link: https://www.luxhabitat.ae/villas-for-sale/dubai/meydan-gated-community/millennium-estates/villa-7562/

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

TITLE: MEYDAN GATED COMMUNITY VILLA

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

PRICE: AED 9,800,000

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

LOCATION 

City Dubai 
Area Meydan Gated Community 
Development Millennium Estates

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

ESSENTIALS 

Reference GS-S-29947 
Type Villa 
Availability Ready 
Bedrooms 5 bedrooms 
Bathrooms 7 
Built up area 8,060 sq ft 
Plot size 10,337 sq ft

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

ABOUT THIS PROPERTY 

Luxhabitat Sotheby’s International Realty are delighted to exclusively present this open plan 5 bedroom villa in the beautiful neighborhood of Millennium Estates, Meydan. With its modern design, spacious flow and ample amenities, it offers a truly premium lifestyle. As well as enjoying the serenity of your own community, residents can access world-class sporting centres whilst being only minutes from excellent schools, key road networks and Downtown Dubai. 

With five bedrooms and 7 bathrooms this modern villa has been designed to suit families with a go-getter lifestyle. There is plenty of room for everyone to spread out, multiple locations for gathering together and elaborate entertaining. As well as the stunning master bedroom with walk-in closet, there is a games room, private pool and a beautifully manicured mature garden. The whole property is infused with a harmonious blend of nature and artistry, which would also be ideal for fostering the creativity of young children. The villa also provides for independent housekeeper and driver’s rooms with bathrooms. 

Active families will love the proximity to a range of fantastic leisure and sporting outlets. You are located next to the Meydan cycling track which boasts 15 km of uninterrupted cycling, just minutes from The Golf Academy, Dubai Racing Club and the Tennis Academy, not to mention the facilities of The Meydan Hotel, and the brilliant gym of Max & Aegle. The community also boasts lush green communal spaces, fitness centres and large supermarkets. 

If your family is looking for truly chic home in which to relax and entertain, minutes from the heart of the city, get in touch today to arrange a viewing of this exclusive property.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

FEATURES 

DLD Permit 6512078571 
Lifestyle Family-friendly Communities, Pet-friendly Communities, Health & Wellness 
Pool Private pool 
Views Partial Community 
Rooms Study room, maid's room and balcony 
Finishings Wardrobe, walk in closet and furnished 
Facilities Shared jacuzzi and private gymnasium

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

